# javaOOPHomework
All Vehicles (e.g car, bike, horse, boat, plane) have the following behavior:  they can be started, stopped and driven for a number of kms    Implement a hierarchy of Car classes where:    Car is a type of vehicle:  properties of a car model which can not change: fuelTankSize, fuelType (PETROL, DIESEL, etc), gears (max 6), consumptionPer100Km (i.e 4.7) properties that are configurable: availableFuel, tireSize(15, 17, etc) properties that are instance specific: chassisNumber Behavior:   a car can be driven for N kms in different gears; consumptionPer100Km is the consumption of the car in cruising mode (last gear). During a start() and a stop() the car keeps track of the how much it has consumed. On every start() the consumption stats are reset. API:    Car car = new Car(); // This should not compile.  Car car = new Dacia(27, "oiqe0934hkkadsn"); // This should not compile! If I want to create a Dacia car, I will need to create an instance of a Dacia model.  Car car = new Logan(27, "oiqe0934hkkadsn"); // Logan can extend from Dacia, while Dacia extends from Car  car.start();  car.shiftGear(1);  car.drive(0.01);// drives 0.01 KMs  car.shiftGear(2);  car.drive(0.02);  car.shiftGear(3);  car.drive(0.5);  car.shiftGear(4);  car.drive(0.5);  car.shiftGear(4);  car.drive(0.5);  car.shiftGear(5);  car.drive(10);  car.shiftGear(4);  car.drive(0.5);  car.shiftGear(3);  car.drive(0.1);  car.stop();  float availableFuel = car.getAvailableFuel();  float fuleConsumedPer100Km = car.getAverageFuelConsumption();    Vehicle vehicle = new VWGolf(30, "1987ddkshik289"); //available fuel and chassis number  vehicle.start();  vehicle.drive(1km);  vehicle.stop();  Car car = (Car) vehicle;  float availableFuel = car.getAvailableFuel();  float fuleConsumedPer100Km = car.getAverageFuelConsumption();        Task:  Implement the classes, abstract classes and interfaces according to the given information.  Create at least 2 car brands with 2 models for each (e.g Volkswagen: VWGolf, VWPassat; Mercedes: CKlasse, SKlasse).  Make sure each car has different consumption.    e.g   Some cars might have a 10% decrease every time they shift up.   Some cars might have an increase in consumption with larger tires.
